welcome film seekers before starting the
explanation let me give you some
background
in mortal kombat there are several
realms we are shown three realms
the earth realm the nether realm that is
hell and the outworld
which has some weird monsters these
realms used to fight to conquer each
other which led to chaos
so the elder gods decided to keep a
tournament called mortal combat
if any realm defeats the other in 10
consecutive tournaments
the losing realm is conquered by the one
that wins the leader of outworld
didn't have interest in mortal kombat so
he used to kill the warriors of the
opposition even before the tournament
has started
so the movie begins in 17th century
japan
we see hanzo hasashi who leads the
warriors of shirai ryu ninja clan
living with his wife a son and a
daughter he goes to bring water and some
assassins led by bihan kill the guards
outside
noticing this hanzo's wife hides her
daughter
then bihan enters and kills them both
hanzo hears her scream and runs towards
the house
and finds his wife and son frozen to
death in anger he fights and kills all
the attackers
then finds bihan but he is killed by him
in a one-on-one battle
after a while when they have left he
wakes up tries to reach his daughter but
dies before he reaches there
his soul goes to the nether realm raiden
god of thunder
and protector of earth realm arrives and
takes hanzo's canai that's left behind
and his surviving daughter to safety in
the present the realm of outworld has
defeated earth realm in nine of ten
tournaments known as mortal combat
if earth realm loses the tenth
tournament the rules state
it will be conquered by outworld however
an ancient prophecy states that the
blood of hanzo hasashi
will unite a new generation of earth
realms champions to prevent outworld's
victory
aware of this soul-eating sorcerer
shang-sun
who has overseen the last nine victories
sends bihan
who now calls himself sub-zero to kill
earth-realm's champions
before the next tournament begins they
are identified by a dragon mark
we see one such champion a former
professional mma fighter named cole
young
who lives with his wife and daughter and
takes part in small fighting tournaments
to earn his living
he used to get visions of hanzo and his
canai but he didn't know who it was
his daughter puts a band on his arm that
she made one for each
a stranger appears and introduces
himself as jax
asking about from where he got the
dragon logo that is on him it is unique
emily says that it's a birthmark asking
to show him he shows it then leaves
while at a restaurant bihan comes to
kill cole and his family in the attack
jacks arrive and tells them to get in
the car and rescues them
on the way he reveals that he too has
the same mark and whatever was back
there
it's after both of us also telling that
it's not a birthmark
it means you've been chosen to fight
they encounter sub-zero again
jax tells him to take his family to
safety also tells him to find his
partner sonia blade
and shares the location he stays to
battle and they leave
he goes inside a building so jacks to
enter while searching for him
he appears right behind and attacks him
in the fight he completely freezes his
arms
and breaks it then throws him off from
the floor meanwhile
cole drops his family to home then
leaves to find sonia hoping to find some
answers
on the other hand one of shang's
warriors inform him that sub-zero has
killed another one of earth's champions
while another one has escaped he then
sends reptilian seizoth
cole finds sonya informing her that jax
sent him
and shows the mark telling her jax
stayed behind to fight
he finds they are a part of military
special forces
she says seven years ago when they both
were on a mission in brazil
to capture a wanted fugitive when they
got there the target had superhuman
abilities
he tore through their units in seconds
that target had the same marking that
coal has
and when jax finally took it down the
dragon mark transferred directly onto
his skin
she spent years trying to figure out
what it all means
explaining further throughout history
different cultures all over the world
reference a great tournament based on
her research there are realms and
species
that they didn't even know existed and
that dragon marking
signifies that you've been chosen to
fight for earth it's an invitation
to fight for something known as mortal
combat he laughs
asking if she made up the last part she
tells that there's another tournament
coming
and that is why they were tracking him
they need to find every last champion
before it's too late and most of them
are dead already he notices picture of
hanzo and has the visions again
then we see kano tied up with chains he
is a mercenary with the black dragon
clan
arms dealer drug runner murder for hire
scum of the earth she was tracking
another guy with the dragon mark
but found kano right after he slipped
the guy's throat and the mark got
transferred to him
she also reveals that she don't have
that mark the reptile sent by shang
reaches there and attacks them
they can't see it and it attacks them
easily while attacking kano
sonja is able to shoot it but soon lose
track again
it is above them it can also melt any
metal with its saliva
while they are attacked kano finds the
opportunity to melt the chain
and free himself lights fire and sticks
it into the creature
unable to escape it reveals itself sonia
stabs a knife on its chest
kano removes it then removes its heart
after this coal finally believes her
among the half-burnt papers kano notices
a temple
named raiden's temple where champions
used to train there for mortal combat
and he knows where it is but others
don't know its location
he is not interested in all this and
leaves not sharing the location
sonia offers him three million dollars
and he agrees to take them there
he laughs i was gonna head there anyway
idiots also warning he will kill her if
he doesn't get the money
later when cole asks if she was really
gonna give him 3 million
she says no not having it in the first
place kano arranges his friend's plane
to take them there
they jump off the plane and use
parachute to land kano brags of him
being the one who bought the plane
and know how to find the raiden temple
also killed the lizard man
she takes the gps device then he goes on
to say she is jealous of him having the
mark
then pushes her to grab her attention
then says if you want it so much
then all you got to do is kill me then
he attacks her but she manages to easily
defeat him
still asking to go on and take it but
she doesn't kill him he laughs
saying that's why she doesn't have the
marking on the search for the temple
they see one of earth's champion luke
kong kano takes out his knife
luke kong throws a fireball at him
saying he is not their enemy
kano gets happy that he too will get
some superpower at some point
asking him to teach how to do it saying
there's much to learn he takes them to
the temple
inside they see some paintings of mortal
kombat's history sonia is happy to see
it's all real it's of outworld
the most brutal and murderous of all the
realms and our greatest enemy
cole sees hanzo's painting and again
gets those visions
lu kong says they must start training
now the fate of earth realm is in our
hands
there are not many of us with the
marking left so you must train harder
faster because if you fail to discover
your inner power
you will never defeat your opponent they
will ravage everything you hold dear
there will be no mercy moving forward
they find jax
it turns out kong was in charge to
gather all the champions of earth by the
time he found jax
he was too late the ice had stopped him
from too much blood
and they are taking help from every
realm to heal him asking them to be
patient
and give them time to do their work then
they meet lord raiden
who is disappointed to see them they are
powerless and sonia doesn't even have
the marking
telling them their enemies have claimed
nine straight victories
one more victory an outworld will gain
control over earth forever
and shang will enslave the entire human
race later we see sub-zero enter the
temple
kong fights him before he freezes to
death he is saved by kung lao
who is another one of earth's champions
as shang enters to kill them
everyone else also gather there raiden
creates a shield which prevents shang
and his warriors from entering so they
leave
they begin to train in the fight pit to
unlock their arcana
a special power unique to all dragon
mark bearers
sonia is not allowed in the training
area it is for the chosen ones only
she goes to spend time with jax who now
has mechanical arms
meanwhile cole battles with lao and
manages to defeat lao when he is not
using his abilities
then he uses his hat and able to defeat
him telling immortal combat
talent will only get you so far then
kano battles with khan who keeps using
leg sweep repeatedly
and kano keeps falling getting defeated
very easily
jax trains with his new mechanical arms
but finds it to be too weak
feeling useless and of no use to them
but sonia reminds him of what he used to
say to her in her initial days of
training in the military and encourages
him to keep going
during dinner kano who is always
arrogant starts to mock others
so they purposefully make him angry
calling him lazy pig
terrible fighter zero skill and a
failure kano gets very angry and he is
able to awaken his arcana his ability is
to shoot laser beam out of his right eye
cole is trained again and made to focus
on pain but he is unable to activate his
arcana and gets disappointed
raiden tells cole that he is a
descendant of one of the greatest ninjas
to ever walk the earth hanzo hasashi
he was murdered along with his wife and
eldest son by the same assassin that
hunts him now
sub-zero and he rescued hanzo's only
surviving child
and bought her to this temple for
centuries the hisashi marking has passed
down through his ancestors
and the power of bloodline is strong in
him disappointed he isn't able to
activate his arcana
he sends him back to be with his family
shang gathers his warriors
nitara cabal general reiko bihan
molina while planning how to bring that
shield down
cabal says he can do it by using kano so
he goes and convinces kano to come to
their side by telling him the perks of
having more money than he know what to
do with
kano easily accepts his offer he attacks
raiden's staff
and brings the shield down shang attacks
the temple along his warriors
while sending guru to kill cole and his
family kong fights with cabal
who has the ability of super speed jax
fights reiko
he barely manages to only defend himself
from reiko's attack with his weak arms
sonia fights molina even though she
gives a good fight
molina defeats her but realizes her
blood is not of the chosen ones
telling that her death is of no value
she leaves kano drops a rock on her
using his abilities
lao goes to attack shane who sends
nitara to kill him
lao calmly waits her to attack as she
gets close
he grabs her placing his hat in front of
them which spins and splits her into two
as they land on it having a flawless
victory meanwhile cole fights goro
before he gets killed his wife attacks
with an axe
he leaves coal they get in the car and
try to hit him but it's of no use due to
his size
he breaks the car and heads to kill her
seeing his family in danger cole's
arcana is activated
giving him a suit of armor which has the
ability to absorb attacks
and redirect it back and a set of tonfas
through which he is able to fight and
kill him easily
then make sure his family is safe
meanwhile as jax was struggling to move
the rock which had fell on sonia
he awakens his arcana granting him
strength and upgraded arms she isn't
injured
coal is called back by raiden he thanks
shang for helping his fighters find
their arcana
and reveals that hanzo's bloodline still
lives on cole is descendant of hanzo
he teleports earth realm fighters to the
void a safe place between realms
shang and sub-zero are infuriated
sub-zero stops cole from teleporting
and proceeds to kill him but lau throws
his hat and saves him but in rage
shang pulls loud towards him and sucks
off his soul
killing him instantly though they want
to save him they teleport to void
where shang cannot follow them everyone
is sad of laos death
jax asks raiden why couldn't he save him
he says that all gods are forbidden from
engaging in one realms war against
another
it is my job to protect earth realm but
i cannot save every soul within it
cole says that it's not over we still
need to fight raiden
shows coal a blade which had hanzo's
blood on it which belonged to hanzo
raiden took it the day he died he tells
coal to use it and the spirit of hanzo
will fight with you
cold then proposes a plan to force
outworld's champions into single combat
with earth realms champions before
neutralizing sub-zero together
forcing the tournament shang tried to
prevent raiden teleports them to
outworld
and also teleports the outworld warriors
to the desired location
splitting them all jax fights reiko he
tells sonia to take out kano
reminding her that he's got laser now
and kano is teleported to a house where
she
is hiding kong takes cabal and cold
takes molina
jax kills reiko with ease all due to his
new arms
kong uses his special move and kills
cabal sonia struggles to fight kano
since he uses his laser
but eventually manages to kill him and
the dragon mark is transferred onto her
cole struggles to defeat molina as she
teleports and aims to his neck
sonja reaches there he asks her for help
her arcana is revealed the ability to
fire purple energy blasts using which
she kills molina
on the other hand cole's family prepare
to leave the house before some other
monster shows up but it's too late as
sub-zero shows up
then we see sub-zero show up to cole
show the band which belongs to her
daughter
luring him into a one-on-one battle he
sees that his family was kidnapped and
frozen
he fights sub-zero his armor doesn't
protect him as sub-zero freezes him
so he attacks him with the kanai but
sub-zero uses it against him
cold tries to stop him in the process
his blood touches hanzo's canai
which summons hanzo from the nether
realm who is now called scorpion
he recognizes cole as his descendant and
together they fight sub-zero
he removes his armor to move faster then
freezes scorpion's legs
then cole manages to pierce him similar
to what he did to hanzo
centuries ago scorpion uses hell fire to
free his legs
which also revives cole's family
revealing sub-zero that he learned to
control the fire of hell
and burned sub-zero he thanks cole for
freeing him and requesting that he look
after the hisashi bloodline
scorpion departs then raiden and other
champions arrive
seeing that sub-zero is dead raiden says
that he is impressed cole says he
thought that you couldn't get involved
raiden smiles it off then shang arrives
seeing his warriors dead
he tells raiden no matter how many of
his warriors are dead
there will always be another to take
their place today you have killed my
warriors and you think you have won
but death is only another portal he
sends his champions corpses back to
outworld
and tells that next time he will bring
armies instead of fighters
raiden sends him back to outworld raiden
declares his intention to train new
warriors in preparation for the next
tournament
and assigns his current champions to
recruit them cole departs for los
angeles in search of hollywood martial
artist and movie star johnny cage
the movie ends hope you all liked the
movie and please consider subscribing if
you want to see
more explanations